for over a century the hotel has been
his life but next summer
is anyone whose vacation
[Music]
yeah so impressive it's like a hotel on
the water
oh no Bobby's gonna puke
[Music]
not be more excited to have all of you
on board our Erica
I'll do it
[Music]
you must be the one and only Dracula
you'll be the issue that aigoo biddy
there's just something about an accent
that makes a man sound so intelligent
[Music]
everybody just please watch the hair
[Applause]
[Music]
we are arriving at our final destination
I give you the legendary lost city of
Atlantis
place you've gotta be
if the singing
it's waiting over here for you
you know actually I was thinking you and
Johnny should spend some time together
what do you call it again a date night
come on Johnny
date night
[Music]
whoa what can I help you with Lord of
Darkness I'm looking for a date the date
is Friday July 13th no no I want to meet
someone understood you want to eat dim
sum don't you get it I want to go on a
date I'm lonely I understand you want
Bologna
don't many eyes though few eyes not into
Pentacles
dad you're stressed out from working too
hard you need a vacation from running
everyone else's vacation and I know just
how to fix it where are we going on
there's so much to do
you could go scuba diving try some
exotic food
or just enjoy the view thank you maybe
you'll find your own fireworks on the
cruise it's not The Love Boat Frank you
must be the one and only Dracula hey do
BD Shula a coupie B there's something
about an accent that makes a man sound
so intelligent
you were right great-grandfather van
Helsing monsters are disgusting they
have no idea what's about to happen to
them
going according to plan
[Music]
there is something about that woman I
don't trust the food here is to die for
must have been garlic in the guacamole
that's deadly for you hey was that you
oh no Blondie's gonna puke yes your room
key enjoy your sake I said you could
stay with me as long as you behave the
bones family reunion is here to check
yes wonderful I was a I need a break
[Music]
for a monster vacation
yeah so impressive it's like a hotel on
the water
[Music]
you